HVD: Fix schema guidance — replace retiring support portal links in Vault monitoring guide (#3168)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/validated-designs/docs/docs/vault/administration-guide/monitoring-and-observability.mdx

Vault operational logs focus on the internal processes, activities, and performance of the Vault server itself. They provide insights into how Vault operates and handles requests, errors, and system health, primarily for administrative and troubleshooting purposes within the Vault environment.

The operational logs are gathered from standard output and standard error. Configure the logging level in the Vault [server configuration](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/commands/server#log-level) to either `trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn` or `error`. Trace gives the most detailed information and error only shows error messages in the log. Configure your monitoring solution to alert on `error` log events.

> HashiCorp Technical Support Engineers will often ask for Vault operational logs as a troubleshooting step, so it is extremely helpful if you provide these logs whenever relevant and especially when opening a new support issue. Please obtain the [compressed log file(s) for each Vault server](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360002046068-Where-are-My-Vault-Logs-and-How-do-I-Share-Them-with-HashiCorp-Support) or as directed by HashiCorp support and share them in the ticket.

Author: ```suggestion
HashiCorp Technical Support Engineers will often ask for Vault operational logs as a troubleshooting step, so it is extremely helpful if you provide these logs whenever relevant and especially when opening a new support issue. Please obtain the [compressed log file(s) for each Vault server](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/tutorials/monitoring/troubleshooting-vault#finding-server-logs-on-linux-systems) or as directed by HashiCorp support and share them in the ticket.
```
